The Monte Cook Games logo, Numenera, and the Numenera logo are trademarks of 
Monte Cook Games, LLC in the U.S.A. and other countries. All Monte Cook Games 
characters and character names, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are 
trademarks of Monte Cook Games, LLC. Content on this site or associated files 
derived from Monte Cook Games publications is (c) 2013 Monte Cook Games, LLC. 
Monte Cook Games permits web sites and similar fan-created publications for 
their games, subject to the policy given at 
http://www.numenera.com/fan-use-policy/. 

The contents of this site are for personal, non-commercial use only. Use of 
Monte Cook Gamesâ€™s trademarks and copyrighted materials anywhere on this site 
and its associated files should not be construed as a challenge to those 
trademarks or copyrights. Materials on this site may not be reproduced or 
distributed except with the permission of the site owner and in compliance 
with Monte Cook Games policy given at http://www.numenera.com/fan-use-policy/.

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Andrew Montgomery-Hurrell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
